Fellow guys in the last lesson they begin configuring our first slider which should be included on the
home page of everything in this lesson you'll be picking up where we left off.
Let's start by setting up the items in the slider now that you have all sliders settings saved.
You can go ahead and click here on this edit template button.
Or if you are on the plug in the home page click on the name of the slider or on the editing button.
Feel free to choose what's best you.
The screen will be slightly different depending on the type of your chosen.
Since we choose both slider.
We don't have some ideas.
We would have for a custom slider.
The basic difference is that when we edit the post slider We are editing slides template.
On the other hand if we had a custom slider we could edit it slide individually.
I believe that explaining the difference now might confuse you a little.
So let's follow the explanation without getting out of focus for now.
And I propose that later on you go ahead and create a custom slider as an exercise to see the difference.
OK.
So let's go here in the same place.
One of the most important things to choose is what will appear at the bottom of each slide.
You can have a color or a gradient of colors for the background but to be honest I don't see much sense
in this because what really prevails is what we choose here.
Under this image option we can choose the featured image of the post being displayed or an item from
our media library or an external link and outer image of the first image found in the post.
Notice for example if I choose an image from the library.
This image will appear at the bottom of all posts.
It will always be repeated since I want the message to never be the same.
I'm going to choose the featured image of each post.
Notice that as each pose as a different feature image those images are not displayed here below.
And here I can set the positioning for this image.
And also choose a video which should be running in the background.
OK and what are these items here in the preview area.
Well these items refer to text fields with values that come directly from each post.
You can add several of these elements inside the slide in the same way that we can insert buttons images
and videos.
As you are using that viewing post slider previously boarded we already have these two fields here one
that shows the post-Idol and another that shows the post excerpt.
We can add one more below to show for example the post publication date.
Click here in as text.
This one here or here.
In content you have to define which element of the post this item refers to.
Let's delete this text here and click HERE where it says insert macros scroll down a little and we find
the published date.
Now you can click and drag this item just below the excerpt.
In my experience even with this blue lines that serve as a guide this text that we have just a line
will not be positioned correctly to get the correct alignment.
CLICK HERE ON position and size align it on the top left and now we can drag it down.
You can also enter values for the x and y axis manually.
For example let's increase the Y-axis value to 420 Cantab the value directly or use the keyboard navigation
there is.
By moving the items up and down lets do the same for the other two elements.
What a title.
Let's set the Y-axis to 150.
We can also change the font size here on style.
Let's set it to 40 pieces I learned to write
and for the excerpt the Y-axis is going to be 250 and font size 20 pixels OK I guess with that you can
read it have something to show in the slider.
I saved the template and let's finally see Howard's slide shows this plane.
We're going to click here on close.
And now to show this ladder on the screen they have two options.
If you are adding the slider directly to a Word Press post or page you simply copy the short code and
paste it into the content.
In our case we need to insert the slider.
Not in a post but in a pitch file.
In order to do that we need the second structure here.
Let's go out and open the page home that pitch file that's replaced this content here with the code
we just copied and of course we have to change the name of the allies.
In our case let's go back here to WordPress and this is our allies
OK we're safe.
And let's see what they got on the theme home page
great almost perfect.
We have here post featured EMH the title the excerpt and also the publication date.
Let the slide show bring the second item
Well here we have the same thing that featured image in the background the title the excerpt and the
publication date.
Notice that up here we have this white space above and below the slider.
This is coming from the HCM mail section we created in the beginning of the course.
So when you edit that in our services file Let's open up the file there and let's find out where the
problem is.
So it's here we have this bedding which we don't need.
So I'll just comment on it and we're good to go.
Another problem we have here is that the publication date is almost invisible.
We'll have to fix this with CSSA as well.
But let's do it through the plug in itself.
Let's go back to WordPress added template
the selected element.
Now here in style I'm going to create a CSSA class style this element in the Pro version of this plugin.
You can do this more easily but in the free version you are limited to use in C Ss.
But with just a few customizations you ready reach a very nice effect I save the template and click
on slider settings.
Under appearance you remember that there was a text area in which you can write some success code.
Let's state the class we just created and style it like this.
Let's say and see how it's now
well you got a lot better.
It's more visible and it's much like our original of before finishing this lesson.
Two tips.
The first one in the same way that we can style the publication date.
You can also style any other element of the slider just add a CSSA class and type the desired code and
and.
You can also play around with the animation controls for each element of the slider just use the element
and click here in animation we can for example apply a delay to the element.
Hide it and that that we can have an effect similar to a layer slider the same way we have in plugins
like the revolution slider.
But the difference is that this plugin is free well I hope you enjoy this lessons.
I'm back in the next one and they continue to install a few more plugins in Arfin then by.